Add GP3 documentation (#518)
EventStore/documentation: docs/cloud/ops/README.md

![cluster list](./images/disk_expand_list.png)
:::

> On the detail page specify the new disk size (disk iops and throughput for AWS GP3 disk type) and click on _Expand cluster disk_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the detail page specify the new disk size (as well disk iops and throughput when using the AWS GP3 disk type) and click on _Expand cluster disk_.
```

> On the detail page specify the new disk size (as well disk iops and throughput when using the AWS GP3 disk type) and click on _Expand cluster disk_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the detail page specify the new disk size (as well as the disk iops and throughput when using the AWS GP3 disk type) and click on _Expand cluster disk_.
```
